# Lead-Source-Case-Study-
Summary
• An education company named X Education sells online courses to industry professionals.
• professionals interested in the courses land on their website and browse for courses on any given day.
• From there they are directed to the X Education form, where they provide information by filling the form.
• This form information will be stored in the X Education database. This information contains the internal parameters and professional information which will be used to determine potential leads.
• The sales team will use that data and make calls to professionals. either professional will be converted into lead or not.
• Based on interactions with professionals, the sales team will update the sales parameters against the original form data.
• Data could be divided into original captured form data and sales team generated data.
• we must use originally captured form data for model training because the prediction will get the same
• The model will predict the potential leads which will be used by the sales team to make calls which will save time and increase the high converted rate.
• The following are the steps used: o Business understanding o Data understanding o Data importing: o Data Cleaning: o Handle the “Select” level that is present in many of the categorical variables. o Drop columns that are having a high percentage of missing values. Check all the columns before dropping them. o Check the number of unique categories in each categorical column. Here you may need to do something. o For the columns with less percentage of missing, use some imputation technique. o Finally check the percentage of rows retained in the data cleaning process. Prepare the data for Model Building: o EDA o Create dummies for all categorical columns. • Perform train-test split. • Perform scaling. o Model Building ▪ Use techniques like RFE to perform variable selection. ▪ Build a Logistic Regression model with good sensitivity. ▪ Check p-value and VIF. ▪ Find the optimal probability cutoff. ▪ Check the model performance over the test data. ▪ Generate the score variable. o Model Evaluation ▪ All performance metrics, f score Making Predictions on the Test Set • Final Observation: Let us compare the values obtained for Train & Test: • Train Data: Accuracy: 79.19% Sensitivity: 71.69% Specificity: 83.79% Test Data: Accuracy: 79.63% Sensitivity: 76.33% Specificity: 81.62% The Model seems to predict the Conversion Rate very well and we should be able to give the CEO confidence in making good calls based on this model
